+++
title = "2021-09-16 Minutes of the CA/Browser Forum Teleconference"
date = "2021-09-16"
lastmod = "2021-09-16"
draft = false
image = "img/pexels-angela-roma-7319189.jpg"
author = "CA/Browser Forum"
tags = ["minutes", "forum", "plenary"]
categories = ["minutes"]
toc = true
type = "blog"
summary = "2021-09-16 minutes from the CABF Plenary call"
+++

## Attendees ##

Ali Gholami (Telia), Amanda Mendieta (Apple), Andrea Holland (SecureTrust), Ben Wilson (Mozilla), Brittany Randall (GoDaddy), Bruce Morton (Entrust), Chris Kemmerer (SSL.com), Clint Wilson (Apple), Corey Bonnell (Digicert), Dean Coclin (Digicert), Doug Beattie (GlobalSign), Dustin Hollenback (Microsoft), Fumihiko Yoneda (Japan Registry Services), Hazhar Ismail (MSC Trustgate), Inaba Atsushi (GlobalSign), Inigo Barreira (Sectigo), Joanna Fox (TrustCor Systems), Johnny Reading (GoDaddy), Jos Purvis (Cisco Systems), Kati Davids (GoDaddy), Mads Henriksveen (Buypass AS), Marcelo Silva (Visa), Natalia Kotliarsky (SecureTrust), Paul van Brouwershaven (Entrust), Peter Miskovic (Disig), Rebecca Kelley (Apple), Ryan Sleevi (Google), Stephen Davidson (Digicert), Tadahiko Ito (SECOM Trust Systems), Tobias Josefowitz (Opera Software AS), Trevoli Ponds-White (Amazon), Tyler Myers (GoDaddy), Vijayakumar (Vijay) Manjunatha (eMudhra), Wayne Thayer (Mozilla), Yoshiro Yoneya (Japan Registry Services)

## Minutes ##

Jos Purvis read the anti-trust statement
The agenda was reviewed. No changes.

Minutes of the August 19th call were approved. Minutes for September 2nd call have not been submitted yet.

**Forum Infrastructure Subcommittee Update:** The update was provided by Jos Purvis. A meeting was held on the 8th of September. Discussions around updating the ballot pages on the website. Ben has adjusted the display to show the ballots from each working group separately. The group discussed content tagging to help with automated updates and a process for publishing to the website. The bylaws could use some clarity in this area and the group plans to propose updates.

**Code Signing Certificate Working Group Update:** Bruce Morton provided the update. Corey Bonnell will be the webmaster for the group and a discussion on training to use WordPress will be provided by Ben Wilson. Ballots CSCWG 9 and 10 have passed the IPR process. A new ballot on log retention is coming, being proposed by Ian from Microsoft. The group is working on moving the CS BRs to Pandoc and RFC 3647 format. A discussion on “invalidity date” occurred on the list.

**S/MIME Working Group Update:** Stephen Davidson provided the update. The group is making good progress on the cert profiles, having worked on mailbox, organization, sponsored individuals, and now personal individuals. The group discussed the Key Usage Data Encipherment field which legacy profiles may be using, hence amendments are being made to the profile. Lastly, there was an inquiry from a certificate consumer on information from CAs issuing certs with ECC S/MIME usage. Stephen will do a survey to get that information.

**Fall F2F meeting:** Dean reminded everyone to register for the meeting. There are 48 registrations as of today.

No other business, meeting adjourned. Next call on September 30th.
